add installation (#17)
hairyhenderson/go-fsimpl: README.md

> ## Usage
> 
> ### Installation
> The first need Go installed (version 1.16+ is required), then you can use the below Go command to install go-fsimpl.
> 
> ```sh
> $ go get -u github.com/hairyhenderson/go-fsimpl
> ```
> 
> 

Reviewer: Just some tweaks:

```suggestion
## Installation

First, you must have Go 1.16+ installed.

To install this module, use `go get` to install the latest version. This command will download and add `go-fsimpl` into your code:

```console
$ go get -u github.com/hairyhenderson/go-fsimpl
```

## Usage

```
